Final Layout & Data Mandate

1. Detailed Performance Data Fields

The Per-Strategy Performance table must now include the following fields, left-to-right, for all seven strategies:

Field	Purpose
Agent / Strategy	Strategy ID (Grok_Comprehensive, etc.)
Cash Balance	Current capital balance.
Total Value	Cash + open PnL.
Return %	Percentage return since inception.
Trades	Total number of executed trades (Buys + Sells).
Buys	Total number of Buy orders executed.
Sells	Total number of Sell orders executed.
Holds	Total number of active holding periods (time spent holding assets).
2. Default Footer Tab Shift

The most critical data for evaluating the engine is the performance and risk metrics, not the open positions.

Action: The Per-Strategy Performance tab will be moved to the far left and designated as the Default View when the dashboard loads.

💻 Targeted Prompt Injection: Performance Table Fix

TO: Frontend Developer / AI Build Tool FROM: Lead Frontend Architect TASK: Update the Per-Strategy Performance table structure and change the default footer tab.

I. 🚨 DEFAULT TAB CHANGE (CRITICAL)

The Per-Strategy Performance tab must be moved to the FIRST POSITION in the footer tab sequence and designated as the DEFAULT VIEW upon dashboard load, replacing Positions.

New Footer Tab Sequence (Left to Right):

Per-Strategy Performance (DEFAULT)

Positions

Trade History

Trade Rationale

II. 📊 DATA FIELD MANDATE

The Per-Strategy Performance table component must be updated to include the following two fields, positioned between Trades and Holds.

New Required Fields: Buys and Sells.

The developer must update the mock data structure for Leaderboard Data (Data Point 5) to include values for these two fields for all seven strategies.

Example Mock Data Update Requirement:

JavaScript
// ... inside mockApiState.leaderboard array
{ 
  strategyId: 'Grok_Comprehensive', 
  accountValue: 12500, 
  // ... other fields
  trades: 15,
  buys: 8,  // <-- NEW FIELD
  sells: 7, // <-- NEW FIELD
  holds: 12 
}